
Brisa MP is a transdisciplinary artist to investigates relationship between body, science, and technology. Her work in dance and performance art language tries to develop questions and research about new posibilities from gesture and human body, body-city-technology relationship, and studies new methodologies, paradigms, art forms from the use of technology.

She has developed projects about dance and technology in several residencies. Such as ZéDosBois (Lisbon 2009), ETOPIA Art and Technology Centrum(Zaragoza 2013), HANGAR (Barcelona,2014). She has lectured at the First International Forum on Media Art, University Andrés Bello (Chile). First International Seminar Medial Arts, Master of Medial Arts, University of Chile (Chile), ISEA “19th International Symposium on Electronic Art.” At Sydney University, (Sydney. Australia), CYNETART Festival (Dresden, Germany) Metabody project. Hangar (Barcelona, Spain). In 2009 she published the book “INTERFERENCIAS”, and she has been writing in Escaner Cultural, a digital magazine. She won the SOGEDA PRIX for Electronics choreography “Ejercicios Electrocoreográficos” In Monaco Dance Forum (Montecarlo,2006).

Also, she has won contests FONDART and DIRAC, both from the Chilean Government. She is director of INTERFACE International Festival of Art, body, science and technology www.cuerpoytecnologia.cl , and FIVC, International Videodance Festival of Chile. She has a Bachelor degree in Visual Arts from Arcis University (Chile) and a Postgraduate degree in “Studies and Projects in Visual Culture” from Barcelona University (Cataluña- Spain). Also she studied Dance at Arcis University (2001-2004 Chile), attended workshops and seminaries in dance, digital medias and technology in Europe and Latin America. She has developed thesis and research for the Masters in Technology and Aesthetics of Electronic Arts, Tres de Febrero National Universit, Buenos Aires (Argentina) 

Selected Works:

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ImaQLZATOJ4" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>





